README.md, before:

# web-programming
Repository for F28WP. 

### Contents

- **Week Two**
Week Two comprised of my basic git and github setup, testing forks and pushing commits through my text editor of choice, VS Code. Set up a basic file system with a singular folder and added some simple code to each.

- **Week Three**
Completing lab exercises and code examples given in the lectures to see how they work and if they work. Also creating this readme.md file to add documentation to everything I create.

- **Week Four**
Updated README.md file to include a checklist in order to keep track of my progress throughout the course. Implemented JQuery examples and tested them to deepen my understanding on the topic area. I wanted to try out a new file system for week four but may revert back to the original come week 5 start as it looks very cluttered. This week contains 4 short examples of JQuery in action. 

### Github Checklist
Account Setup:

    - [x] Demonstrates the ability to create a GitHub account (and a repository).
    - [x] Add a README
    - [x] Add/remove various files/folders (.jpg, .gif, .png, .txt, .html).

Repository Basics:

    - [x] Can create a new repository on GitHub.
    - [x] Understands the purpose of a README file.
    - [x] Knows how to initialize a repository with a README.
    - [x] Can describe the importance of .gitignore files.

    Cloning and Forking:

    - [x] Understands the difference between cloning and forking a repository.
    - [x] Can clone a repository to a local machine.
    - [x] Can fork a repository to their own GitHub account.

    Branching:

    - [ ] Knows how to create a new branch in a repository.
    - [ ] Understands the purpose of branches in version control.
    - [ ] Can switch between branches.
    - [ ] Can merge branches using pull requests.

    Commits:

    - [x] Can make and commit changes to a repository.
    - [x] Understands the importance of clear and descriptive commit messages.
    - [ ] Knows how to undo changes (revert back to older version).

    Pull Requests:

    - [ ] Can create a pull request to propose changes.
    - [ ] Understands the review process and how to request reviews.
    - [ ] Knows how to address feedback and make changes in a pull request.

    Collaboration:

    - [ ] Can collaborate with others by forking and contributing to open-source projects.
    - [ ] Understands how to resolve merge conflicts.
    - [ ] Knows how to use comments and discussions in pull requests.

    GitHub Pages (Optional):

    - [ ] Familiar with using GitHub Pages for hosting websites.
    - [ ] Can create a simple website using GitHub Pages.

    Documentation:

    - [x] Understands the importance of documenting repositories with a README and other documentation files.
    - [x] Good understanding of the markdown syntax (.md) used for README and other documentation (e.g., inserted titles, images, subsections, code blocks, …)

## Course Topics

    Introduction
    Internet and Web
    Fundamentals of HTML and CSS
    Productive Web Programming
    JavaScript Prt 1 (Basics)
    JavaScript Prt 2
    JavaScript & DOM
    JQuery
    AJAX & JSON
    XML & RSS
    Revision
    Reading Week (No Lectures)
    Data, Cookies & Files
    NodeJS Prt1
    NodeJS Prt2
    NodeJS & DB
    Security (Encryption, Safety, Passwords)
    Hybrid Apps and Mobile (Framework7, Bootstrap, React, AngularJS)
    Web Services (SOAP, REST)
    Design (Web-Analytics, Adaptive UI and UX, Web Robots, Business)
    Typescript

Commit message:

Created Week5 Folder and deleted files from Week4

README.md, after:

# web-programming
Repository for F28WP. 

### Contents

- **Week Two**
Week Two comprised of my basic git and github setup, testing forks and pushing commits through my text editor of choice, VS Code. Set up a basic file system with a singular folder and added some simple code to each.

- **Week Three**
Completing lab exercises and code examples given in the lectures to see how they work and if they work. Also creating this readme.md file to add documentation to everything I create. Also set up a GitHub Pages if I wish to test my work on a website.

- **Week Four**
Updated README.md file to include a checklist in order to keep track of my progress throughout the course. Implemented JQuery examples and tested them to deepen my understanding on the topic area. I wanted to try out a new file system for week four but may revert back to the original come week 5 start as it looks very cluttered. This week contains 4 short examples of JQuery in action. 

- **Week Five**
This week is all about XML & RSS. The contents of this weeks folder will be general testing of XML & RSS

### Github Checklist
Account Setup:

    - [x] Demonstrates the ability to create a GitHub account (and a repository).
    - [x] Add a README
    - [x] Add/remove various files/folders (.jpg, .gif, .png, .txt, .html).

Repository Basics:

    - [x] Can create a new repository on GitHub.
    - [x] Understands the purpose of a README file.
    - [x] Knows how to initialize a repository with a README.
    - [x] Can describe the importance of .gitignore files.

    Cloning and Forking:

    - [x] Understands the difference between cloning and forking a repository.
    - [x] Can clone a repository to a local machine.
    - [x] Can fork a repository to their own GitHub account.

    Branching:

    - [ ] Knows how to create a new branch in a repository.
    - [ ] Understands the purpose of branches in version control.
    - [ ] Can switch between branches.
    - [ ] Can merge branches using pull requests.

    Commits:

    - [x] Can make and commit changes to a repository.
    - [x] Understands the importance of clear and descriptive commit messages.
    - [ ] Knows how to undo changes (revert back to older version).

    Pull Requests:

    - [ ] Can create a pull request to propose changes.
    - [ ] Understands the review process and how to request reviews.
    - [ ] Knows how to address feedback and make changes in a pull request.

    Collaboration:

    - [ ] Can collaborate with others by forking and contributing to open-source projects.
    - [ ] Understands how to resolve merge conflicts.
    - [ ] Knows how to use comments and discussions in pull requests.

    GitHub Pages (Optional):

    - [ ] Familiar with using GitHub Pages for hosting websites.
    - [ ] Can create a simple website using GitHub Pages.

    Documentation:

    - [x] Understands the importance of documenting repositories with a README and other documentation files.
    - [x] Good understanding of the markdown syntax (.md) used for README and other documentation (e.g., inserted titles, images, subsections, code blocks, …)

## Course Topics

    Introduction
    Internet and Web
    Fundamentals of HTML and CSS
    Productive Web Programming
    JavaScript Prt 1 (Basics)
    JavaScript Prt 2
    JavaScript & DOM
    JQuery
    AJAX & JSON
    XML & RSS
    Revision
    Reading Week (No Lectures)
    Data, Cookies & Files
    NodeJS Prt1
    NodeJS Prt2
    NodeJS & DB
    Security (Encryption, Safety, Passwords)
    Hybrid Apps and Mobile (Framework7, Bootstrap, React, AngularJS)
    Web Services (SOAP, REST)
    Design (Web-Analytics, Adaptive UI and UX, Web Robots, Business)
    Typescript
